Fitness and mental health apps are used by many people, but not many apps incorporate both sides. 

Fitform is an application that takes into account both your mental and physical well being. 

The physical portion of the app includes, unique push notifications, preference-based workouts, and the integration of AI to assist in workout development. 

While the mental health portion tracks the user's sleep schedule and allows them to write secure and private journals


The manufactured ecosystem that the team has selected is Recreation in regards to physical and mental health.

This ecosystem is designed to target the well-being of everyone within it.

Recreation refers to activities and practices that contribute to overall well-being, encompassing physical fitness, mental relaxation, and stress reduction. 

The ecosystem aims to create a seamless and integrated experience for individuals seeking a comprehensive approach to their health.

This is Emily the 28 year old accountant

Emily is our primary persona, she's a millennial who's very focused on her career, but also really values her physical and mental health

The app has taken her into consideration by providing a smooth and responsibe interface which allows Emily to effortlessly switch from work to self care. 

Additionally, push notification reminders were added to cater to her millennial responsiveness.


This is Jason he is a 32-year-old fitness trainer.

Jason is focused on maintaining peak physical fitness and enhancing his knowledge in the field. 

Jason is considered a secondary persona because he represents another user segment with different priorities, goals, and challenges.

The app has taken him into consideration by, allowing him to have access to mental and physical health information in one app allowing him to further his knowledge in an easy and efficient way.

negitive persona.

Andrew is a 35 year old high school graduate.

Working in construction industry for more than a decade.

His main goal is to support his family.

and he goes to the gym occasionally if he has time.

Why Andrews consider a negative persona.

Andrews particular of new technologies and prefers.

Conventional approaches to health management.

Thus making it difficult to introduce FItForm to him.